@node Installation
@chapter How to install the Calorimeter Preprocessing Package

@c $Id: install.texinfo,v 1.1 2000/11/13 12:20:53 rabello Exp $

@ifnottex

This node describes how to install the Calorimeter Preprocessing Package
on you machine, with examplified steps.

@menu

* Obtaintion::     How to get the latest version of the package
* Directory Tree:: What does the package should contain
* Install::        Proper installation
* Using::          The basics of usage

@end menu

@end ifnottex

@node Obtaintion
@section Obtaining the package

The best way to get the package on its latest version is (now) to send
an email to @email{Andre.Rabello@@ufrj.br}. On the near future, I intend
to put this on some public place, but till there@dots{}

For your work, you may eventually be interested in getting the data
files that contain the real thing actual input data.Currently the files
are being extracted from hbooks (CW Ntuples) containing all the
simulation data. There are repositories at CERN, but I've mirrored them
to @uref{http://www.lps.ufrj.br,my lab}. For now, there's no automatic
way to get those, like through the web. Anyhow you can e-mail me if you
need those.

You can get a listing of what I have from
@uref{http://www-wisconsin.cern.ch/~atsaul/egamma/data/refsw}

As a matter of fact you can get the files through this web interface. But if
you're closer to me (in Brazil or else), perhaps it's faster mailing me.

@node Directory Tree
@section What's on the package

The directory tree is very simple and contains only a few directories:

@table @code
@item dist
This directory include the distributions of the Calorimeter Library it
self and the Spec Library. They are arranged inside as separated
directories.

@item doc
Includes the documentation files and figures for reference. The figures
are included in various formats, includding their original format
(most of the times @inforef{top, Vector Drawing using Xfig, xfig}).

@item include
This directory include the header files for the @code{preproc}
application (see @pxref{Examplified application}).

@item src
This directory include the source files for the @code{preproc}
application (see @pxref{Examplified application}).

@item utils
This directory contains some utilities that may be used by the person
who is installing this package. The utilities include a shell script
named @code{change} to changed fields on files and a @code{sed} (see
@inforef{top, Stream Editor, sed}) script to clean dumps with
non-standard field descriptions.

@end table

@node Install
@section Installing the @code{calo-preproc} package

In order to install the @code{calo-preproc} package and all it contains
just unpack de distribution:

@example
(your prompt)>> tar xvfz calo-preproc-0.XX.tar.gz

ou

(your prompt)>> zcat calo-preproc-0.XX.tar.gz | tar xvf -
@end example

And then tune the variables @code{WORKBASEDIR} and @code{MODULE} on the beginning of the central Makefile. So:

@example
(your prompt)>> cd calo-preproc
(your prompt)>> vi Makefile
@end example

That's it, it should be enough for typing:

@example
(your prompt)>> make
@end example

Which will build all targets and documentation automatically.

@node Using
@section Using the Calorimeter Package

The Calorimeter Package is composed of two main components:

@table @code

@item Libraries
The libraries are C-functions compiled together into a big
archive. There are 2 libraries: @code{calo} and @code{spec}. The first
contains the calorimeter functions, i.e., functions that are helpful for
calorimeter data processing. This includes normalization and data
organization. The second library is usefull for datafile reading. You
can browse into @code{package_root/dist/spec} to see how it works. This
package includes this library in, the maintainer
(@email{Reiner.Hauser@@cern.ch}) should still be contact for updates and
doubts.

@item @code{preproc} application
I have included an application that fully utilizes both libraries and
can do as a start-up resource to your own programs. For more information
on this application, please refer to @xref{Examplified application}.

@end table

